
Miguel Katshiete - Conseil Numerique

Conseil Numerique
des systèmes et réseaux. support technique et/ou administration système.
Technologies de l’informatique et de la communication(TIC)
Home
About Us
Services
Contact

Présentation de


NOTRE MÉTIER

Développer des sites et applications numériques sur-
mesure, en accompagnant nos clients dans la définition
de leurs besoins au service du métier et de la stratégie,
jusqu’à la réalisation opérationnelle.

Nous construisons des dispositifs numériques pour :
 Booster les performances business
 Booster les organisations

Welcome to Mantella IT Support Services
About Us
Mantella was founded to make an impact on the IT services industry in the Western Cape. Identifying a critical lack of IT support for small businesses in the region, Germaine Brinkhuis assembled a team of key personnel to help these enterprises reach their potential and become more competitive on a regional and national basis.

Mantella was established not just to support small business - the company is also actively involved in raising the profile of IT skills in the region, by helping to train and develop candidates from disadvantaged backgrounds.

About Us
Our vision
To be the first choice of IT partner for our present and future customers.
To be recognised as a leader in the IT support services field.
To build on our strengths and grow our reach and capacity.
Our mission
To ensure that our clients are guaranteed ever-present services that enable them to focus on their core business.
To guarantee the highest quality of workmanship and service that will add value to any organisation.
Goals
We set out to provide efficient and cost-effective customer service. By attending to non-core services, we free up our customers to concentrate on what is most important to them. By managing essential IT services that are crucial to business growth and implementing solutions that will add value, we are positioned to achieve our goal of providing essential technology services to small business in the Western Cape region.

Business principles
Mantella is black-owned and operated, and our success has been grounded in our core value - caring about people. Whether you are a customer, an employee or a member of a community in which we operate, we take pride in our work and how it affects people inside and outside of Mantella.

We strive to adhere to our core values at all times:

Strong customer, partner, supplier and community relationships
Integrity
Fact-based decision-making and honest assessments
Action, not reaction
Innovation
Productivity
Performance and recognition
Teamwork
These values form the cornerstone of our business.

Our people
Mantella's high-performance culture is driven by its founding member, Germaine Brinkhuis, and continues to inform the efforts of every new employee. Each fresh opportunity and project is taken on with the same enthusiasm and pride - our passion is simply infectious.

How we work
By providing strategic consulting services, our technical team is able to empower customers to manage their IT infrastructure from a business perspective. We know there is no point implementing solutions that cannot be aligned with business goals and objectives, which is why we make sure all infrastructure - no matter how complex, heterogeneous or decentralised - is essential and adds value. Helping our customers to keep up with pace-setting technology and make the right choices is are core focus.

Service Offerings
Mantella IT Support Services specialises in the following service offerings to our clients:

Computing Services
Mantella IT Support Services provide end-to-end desktop and printer management. Some of these services include remote management on desktop support through automated tools, asset management deployment, break-fix and IMACD. We have highly skilled engineers to provide these services to our client on all OEM platforms and we keep on investing in our people to keep this skilled at this level.

Service desk
Mantella IT Support Services has a single, dedicated Service desk that handles all our clients daily fault calls. Our call logging system has been designed around the ITIL methodology to ensure that all fault calls are done in the service levels of our clients. We have integrated the Engineers PDA's with the call logging system to get more accurate SLA Times. Our clients can also view the status of their fault calls on our website 24 hours.

Network Services
Mantella IT Support Services is part of the Sizwe Africa IT Group. With the backing of the Sizwe Africa IT group, that achieved Gold status in Cisco and Silver in 3Com we can support our clients with our highly skilled engineers nationally.

Infrastructure Services
Mantella IT Support Services can offer the following services to our clients under this division.

Data Cabling (Certified in Molex, Krone, Systimax, Panduit, Nexans)
Design & Consulting
Project Management
Electrical services
Civil and Construction services
Data Centre Services (Server Cabinets, Access Control, Air Conditioning, UPS, CCTV, Generators, Fire protection, Environmental Management Control, Building Management services)
Telecommunication solutions

Contact Us
16 Esso Str
Montague Gardens
Cape Town
7441
+27 (0)21 552 6857info@mantellait.co.za
Send us your feedback


http://mantellait.co.za/





